Update search docs to use the services namespace (#651)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/web/v4/guides/search/search-and-filtering.md

## Overview

In this guide you will see an example of how to search for Locations.
The full code example is shown in the JSFiddle below, which will be examined below.

<script async src="https://jsfiddle.net/mapspeople/91xhwd65/embed/html,result/"></script>

### Search

> The `mapsindoors.services.LocationService` namespace exposes the `getLocations` function that enable you to search for Locations on the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mapsindoors.services.LocationsService` class exposes the `getLocations` function that enables you to search for Locations.
```
